Okay, good afternoon everybody.
We're going to start our next session.
Everybody has found a seat so we know how many people can come in.
That's up to the people at the door.
My name is Gai Selenius.
I work with the European Commission Open Source Program Office.
This is for the recording.
Okay, I will amplify myself.
I will quickly run through the ground rules which you have seen already.
We would like you to make sure that everybody gets a chance to speak.
Me and Lina will be handing around the microphone.
This is for the people online.
We want to focus on finding solutions for the problems that are coming to you soon.
This is the third workshop.
The title is Public Services Interoperability.
It is made out of two parts.
We will first discuss the Interoperability Act and we will then have a presentation on
the Commission's Open Source Strategy.
And the reporter is Axel who I think is still outside so somebody should get him in.
And with that, we are almost ready for our first session.
Welcome.
Okay, so hello everyone.
Just a very quick introduction.
My name is Lina Cevajos.
I work with policy at the Free Software Foundation Europe.
I just want to make a little bit of introduction about this session.
If you have been here before, you have seen that we are trying to try different formats
doing workshops, fish bowls.
And this format, we kind of imagine it more as a discussion, kind of like what we have
had so you don't need to move, you just need to raise your hand.
I will bring the microphone to you.
And I also wanted this to be not like a technically like a Q&A but more like let's chat and let's
try to find common ground.